[MC-690][MC-728][MC-729][MC-730][MC-749] Code refactor and add new action in Subnet plugin (#1016)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/subnet/help.md

### Actions

#### Check Address in Subnet

> This action is used to determine if the provided IP address is in the sub-net.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is used to determine if the provided IP address is in the subnet.
```
Hyphen is unnecessary.

Author: I removed the hyphen, but now HelpValidator is failing. I checked this validator and it looks like the problem is with the plugin title itself. The validator recognizes the word "subnet" as a plugin title and expects it with a capital letter. I changed "subnet" to "Subnet" on that line and HelpValidator doesn't fail.

# Version History

> * 2.0.0 - Add new action Check Address in Subnet | Add missing input and output examples for Calculate action | Add and correct titles for outputs in Calculate action in plugin spec | Update to use the `insightconnect-python-3-38-slim-plugin:4` Docker image |  Add `USER nobody` in Dockerfile | Code refactoring in Calculate action.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 2.0.0 - Add new action Check Address in Subnet | Code refactor
```
Changelog entry does not have to be very specific
